listen I've seen this live supposedly
growing up you know during those ages
that you can't really account for
supposedly I had the Broadway recording
on VHS and had memory memorized and all
I have to say is on the advice of
counsel I respectfully declined to
answer that question on the grounds that
it might tend to incriminate me well it
was probably the music that entranced me
as a kid and I'd be singing like iCarly
so knowing that Andrew Lloyd Webber had
already seeped into my young
subconscious growing up I came in
prepared for this adaptation you know
how I was as sober as can be going in to
watch it I wasn't the job I didn't want
to miss a glitch
cuz sadly while they boasted about
having the choreographers from Hamilton
Taylor Swift with a new original song
that she had the rights for and all
these insane dancers and cast from
around the globe
they forgot the part where they're
supposed to finish the movie before it
gets released
I finished it at 8 a.m. yesterday after
36 hours in a row to put the finishing
touches on let me premiere I should be
the first time people get to see it and
this is genuinely a premiere let me
explain so for those who don't know
there are actually two versions of gets
as of now oscar-winning director Tom
Hooper was working on this at a frat boy
pace probably because he thought it
would be smart to CGI fur onto every
actor on set these are people but
they're cats and this is kind of blowing
my mind the movie that first hit
theaters wasn't even complete but I'm
pretty sure the ticket price needed to
be paid in full in order for you to
enter to watch this mess just like
paramount switch ruined a company
because Twitter made them redo sonic at
his speed show dogs which I had to edit
out on me too scene involving a dog
opening weekend cats decided to send out
a graphics patch out two days after the
movie was released in order to fix human
hands feet going into the ground like a
video game missing first lot miss plays
first or deforms her now granted they
didn't make this one for the critics
they made it for him I don't know who
but as someone who allegedly grew up
watching the recording of the play I can
tell you I'm aware that cats don't have
human teeth I've been to enough stage
productions in my day to know the
differences between play
and movies I'm aware this is supposed to
be the donkey from Shrek I'm aware
Hamilton really look like this so to see
a movie just faceswap the actors onto
deformed human feline hybrids because
they because they had Top Billing it's a
catastrophe this is all
computer-generated so every single piece
of fur is added by a computer and it's
technology that's never ever been used
why didn't the Broadway play of an
expensive run where they put on their
own makeup flawlessly day after day
didn't even Leona Lewis and an actual
Pussycat Doll do this so in case you
don't want to get too spoiled as I'm
about to get into it in case you don't
know what version of cats are getting
into just know there's no way in fixing
this mess spoilers for cats
they added human now when it comes to
the plot of cats a lot of people seem to
be very confused with it I guess it's
about a cat Oh more than one cats it
could be because I've reportedly seen it
a few times but I think it's pretty
simple TS Eliot had different poems and
stories about cats that he had written
Andrew Lloyd Webber was like oh those
are great so he wrote music over them
and 40 years later people are still
complaining about it but since the plot
is carried by the songs I figured it's
best to just go through the characters
since every song is pretty much an intro
track for each of the cats
[Music]
so the lead is played by Francesca
Hayward who's never been in a movie
before and I think she's the best one in
this movie
she's as a strange cat who gets dumped
onto the set and she's just as confused
as everyone else's a lot in the movie
each cat that she meets introduces
themselves by song and they're hyping up
this Jellicle ball where they pull a
talent show or then not judged by their
talents and Dame Judi Dench gets to pick
who goes to cat heaven where's my purse
but considering Francesca is a principal
dancer in the Royal Ballet her dancing
was obviously gonna be great in the
movie it's an art that speaks through
body movement and not a voice but when
you're covered in unfinished cgi what's
the point everyone's dancing their
hearts out but then their rendering
effects on top of which should be fluid
motion I don't want the dancer on the
left side of the screen while the fur is
still on the right side it's like going
to somebody's house and it looks
beautiful but it smells like crap you're
not gonna want to stay so it sucks that
a lot of the choreography has been
overshadowed overshadowed literally by
the visual effects as for Francesca had
the idea of having to hear your intro
song that you have to perform live that
was never written before an original
song for the first time on set and I
just had to say props Francesca I hope
your next one goes better when Andrew
and I ended up writing this song the
only way to really play it for her
because we were just rushing we had
written it the day before I came in and
we had the sheet music made up and and
so we had to you know sing it live for
her magical day just I've had so many
pinch me moment this whole film but I
think that was for me that one the most
surreal day is having a private concert
of a song that he'd written for me he
for my character
now let me be positive before I get into
so Judi Dench was in cat school yes I
liked the sound mixing sometimes there
were moments or it was just better for
me to close my eyes because like I said
I'm not getting here I think the music
is catchy and they don't do a bad job
with the movies recordings of them but
it's like when you finally watch the
music video to a song you really like
and it kind of ruins it for you I feel
bad for the twins because they were also
just in men in black international
disappointment and it sucks because I
think they're mad talented but their
agent keeps bugging them Dookie mr.
Mistoffelees is an interesting character
who takes victoria under his wing and
become cat lovers by the end but he also
does magic and no one really takes
seriously you know until the end when
they need it and he pulls through yes
still doesn't get the MVP award at the
Jellicle ball I also thought he was
played by Robert Pattinson the entire
movie till I realized them it wasn't so
sorry Laurie no really sorry Laurie
visually the only defense I'll give this
demented hybrid is that cats has always
been weird so I expect it to also look
weird when it's a movie it just
continues it and as much as we all want
to hate it and rightfully so this isn't
a this is an experiment that will not be
forgotten
2019 has been the year of visual
innovation they thought if one lab
action animation with cats did well then
they could do it angley shot willy and
120 frames so they got the go to CGI off
the rule o's and look while this movie
has given one perfect shot enough
constant for the next 365 I'm sorry I'm
already not fitting Tom Hooper for
making me watch a fifth of the screen
when I paid for a full ticket and this
time the movie wasn't even done you know
I wasn't too surprised we we saw our
mock-ups I think the first time we saw
our ears and our tails that was pretty
wild but you know when avatar came out
they were like what is that that is the
creepiest thing I've ever seen but that
movie ended up doing pretty well and I
think it's so great to have a movie
musical get so much buzz Hani I'm not
even a fan of Avatar but that was a
technological achievement at least they
finished their renders
they at least altered the human hands
and feet in Pandora
[Music]
you guys had to take cat classes cats
cool cats cats cats cats cool cat
lessons cats go how does a human become
a guy oh you crawl around on the floor
and you pretend to be a cat are you
ready to smell our bugs
so what you realize is all about the
shoulders no teaches you to be a cat so
we had a cat behavioral specialist our
cat mistress Miss Sarah would run in and
give me some direction and she'd just go
more cat more cat we literally did cat
school like every day I was in cat
school a lot there's a lot of licking I
like Jason Derulo we all went to cat
school doesn't go much to catch screw
this is what y'all got a tax break for
is navigating or hold on one second for
go for go for it polishing start Monday
here we go to get that okay so the next
cat is hey how you doing my name is
Jason Derulo this man plays a
hyper-sexualized cat named rum tum
tugger who is addicted to the spotlight
and wants to lick every female kitten
and repeats his name a lot so in other
words he's luckily I'm not allowed to
critique his performance and you know I
haven't made a movie where the actors
feet go into the ground while they're
dancing so I guess you're right Jason
Derulo GQ sexiest person of the year
Idris Elba is also in this movie will
hit early meowing his way out of scenes
like he's also a magician who has the
power to teleport others and even
himself like Goku and in one of them he
literally his way out of this movie it's
like that Beauty and the Beast scene
he's also competing to win the Jellicle
ball because it's kind of implied that
this is their way of redeeming those
nine lives so you got James Corden's cat
who wants to win because he's got him so
fat he wants to restart in a skinny body
Jennifer Hudson's Grizabella wants a
second chance and I'm assuming interest
just wanted to come back not shave like
a Kendall like I get he's the bad guy
but the moment a wild furry elbow
appeared with no coat mind you and
justice just so you know he was wearing
a coat throughout the entire movie
meaning that while the rest of the
community may have been nudists you sir
had set a precedent in covering up so
when this man cat appears butt ass naked
with no Jellicle balls look I found a
clip and at first I censored it because
I didn't want to spoil the surprise that
is this visual then I realized I should
probably keep it sensor so my channel
doesn't get black cats this I actually
like Taylor Swift's music even if she's
always trying to play the underdog she
wrote an original song for the movie
since the character Victoria never had a
song of her own her dead interestingly
enough was the person to suggest that
bumble arena should catnip everyone and
Taylor herself is a cat lady you have
two cats at home she's barely in it
considering she comes on the 3rd act to
help Macavity and yet USA Today decided
to write an entire article for every
time she breezed in those five minutes
bruh
y'all had more ads in one article than
she did words in the movie I really do
like her song in the film though though
it's very clear they rushed the movie so
that the song could be eligible for an
Oscar it's very obvious there was even a
good amount of promo from Swift that she
was doing leading up to the movie and
then like Macavity as soon as the movie
drop all of her promos just magically
disappeared you have a better chance
catching emma watson touring with the
other little women you can't you can't
write a modern lyric for cats so like if
you can't get TS Eliot like
get to yes cambree oh she would go on to
not make the Oscar shortlist for the
song shortly after it cats would pull
their entire awards push off of the site
yet it made it for visual effect
listen rebel I have sat through a lot of
your movies I went and supported isn't
it romantic
I've sat through all these forgettable
cringy repetitive comedies every year so
why do you have to visually assault us
like this seeing rebel Wilson just
reenactor pitch-perfect moves in a CGI
first whoo it's an old for me when
humans walk they use opposite arm
opposite legs but when cats walk they
use the same arm same leg except for all
the times in the movie when they um
don't this was supposed to be an
animated movie at first if you didn't
know why they didn't keep it that way I
mean like actually keep it really
animated I know what's still animated I
don't know there is no going back after
you see the cockroach scene like I don't
understand how Night at the Museum
handles this perspective better and that
was done a decade ago these are people
but they're cats and this is kind of
blowing my mind honestly I'll say this
about James Corden and Jennifer Hudson
they've at least done the most press for
the movie they're out there trying to
support it and are even making fun of
the fact that it you know the visual
effects were out of their hands as much
as I hated Gordon's character in the
movie in particular I got to give it to
court in Wilson for finding a way to
make money I'll just sit in on their ass
so asti we collude and we like let's get
the most comfortable position on the set
cuz we're gonna be able to be here for
days
and then there is Sir Ian McKellen I
tell you about critics they're not
always right you know and these critics
haven't even seen what they're
criticizing uh the cheek of it haven't
seen it nobody's seen it we've not seen
it take my word from it as someone who's
seen the cup the finished cut although
not yet with all the fur it is
mind-blowing they are entertaining sir
you didn't even go to cat school Ian
I'll take this time to add a bit about
Star Wars and how its intruded cinema
some of you all will remember when
Tarantino's the hateful a which he shot
in 70 millimeter couldn't be played in
the only theaters who could host it cuz
Disney had scooped up every screen they
possibly could for Star Wars it's been
an issue we've covered in other videos
where Disney forces theatres to occupy
most of their screens with their
blockbusters or else they won't let them
screen it so tell me how universals
cat's intruded a Star Wars movie
obviously the release date for episode 9
was ready before the script even was so
Universal trying to slip it in there
around the same time that that's coming
out is so funny these fools really
booked The Critic screening for cats to
be on the same day as chapter 9 of the
Star Wars saga a 24 didn't even try this
hard to bury Silverlake but get this
their reasoning well their reasoning for
the counter marketing against Star Wars
was that they wanted to attract all of
the young women demographic against the
movie that has the literal strongest
woman in the gal cat's head Dame Judi
Dench in a pimps fur coat what's
interesting is that she was actually
supposed to be in the original stage
production but then got hurt right
before the premiere so as fate would
have it she ended up playing apart years
later so I don't know what she do with
fate now originally another cat was
supposed to win the Jellicle ball cuz
again it's a talent show where you don't
get picked for your talents but your
merits but then a cat who rescues her
also doesn't even get picked instead it
ends up being Jennifer Hudson's cat
Grizabella who wasn't even there for her
arrival scat hasn't contributed to the
community she don't bear cat texts
yet she wins the ball now a fan of cats
may argue that the point of the story is
community and realizing in the case of
Grizabella that our past doesn't define
us after being shunned by the community
for partnering with macavity it's
another loner who reaches out to her and
allows her to have a literal rebirth so
that she could start brand new as long
as we're all looking out for each other
or so I've heard the movie ends actually
with Judi Dench giving a long speech to
the audience about cat pronouns and I
thought I was kidding until I looked it
up
overall Garfield did it better I thought
climax put me through hell but cats
makes the lighthouse feel like a
daydream it's more claustrophobic than
Mother technology has a lot of Secrets
some of the most insane imagery we could
ever imagine and sometimes we wish we
did it
they were so caught up on if they could
nobody ever asked if they should this
entire movies budget just for the
marketing could have funded the entire
dramatic competition at Sundance hell
the lodging for everybody who attended -
and now they're in debt to think that
this man wrote Jesus Christ as a
superstar and even that movie got a
better score than this one I guess it's
safe to say dogs up one this season and
I'll tell you another thing when cats
opened on Broadway the stage musical it
didn't get very good reviews oh hello
40 years later yes away 40 years then
thinking of taking out this video and
Kearse know your thoughts down below in
the comment section I I think I still
had that 90s recording back home
supposedly reportedly allegedly I saw
that all the time but I did decide to go
see the play it was like one of the
final showings that were having in
Chicago and I'll say this about the play
they it still doesn't make any sense but
they come up to you which skip let's get
the hell out of me when that happened I
had no idea what was going on either but
at least I can see that as being more
appealing than the movie because it
doesn't overshadow there's no CGI and so
in the performances so you can actually
see the performance you know perform
it's just you know not to taste for
everybody especially this one wasn't and
I know there's been arguments that
people just don't like they aesthetic
again I don't think it's just taste the
a aesthetics were finished there's
design and then there's inconsistency on
what size the props and the people art
yeah I don't know it was a mess if you
got the chance to see it I am sincerely
apologized but there is at least gonna
be a lot of other upcoming musicals this
following year hopefully all of those
are done better I know a lot of them are
remakes some of them are branding
adaptations my most anticipated easily
would be in the heights I really like
mentioning anticipated movies because I
don't wanna get disappointed but oh man
I am so hyped up for that one so let me
know your thoughts or gets your PTSD any
of the other stuff any therapist you
recommend and any other musicals you
think should be on our radar until next
time don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and they'll make a cat's land
at Universal